UN Declarations Concept Documentation.

Start.

1. UN Secretary General enacts the decision

2. A major event occurs for the UN Secretary General, introducing the convention/declaration and giving them the options of:
	  a. Large diplomatic investment in pushing the measure (decrease to UN prestige)
	  b. Small diplomatic investment in pushing the measure (small decrease to UN prestige)
	  c. No diplomatic investment in pushing the measure (unchanged UN prestige)
	  
   This event also creates a variable: var_UN_votes_For
	
	
3. Each UN member which is not the subject of a UN embargo has a normal event fire, 
	  asking them to vote For, vote Against, or Abstain on the resolution introducing the convention/declaration.
	  
   The AI chances for which one they pick include a number modifiers, including whether the UN Secretary General picked a. b. or c. in 2.
	  
   If they vote For the variable var_UN_votes_For is incremented by 1, if they vote Against the variable var_UN_votes_Against is decremented by 1.
   Voting For or Against will also slightly increase or decrease their relation with the UN respectively.
	
	
4. Once 3. has occured, the variable var_UN_votes_For is checked to see if it greater than 0 or not.
      i. If it is greater than 0 then the Vote has passed, and the flow continues to 6.
     ii. If the variable is not greater than 0 then the Vote has been defeated, and the flow continue to 5.
   
   
5. A major event occurs for the UN Secretary General, informing them that the UN vote has failed.
      The effect of this event is to decrease UN prestige and prevent the UN Secretary General from introducing the same issue for 4 years.
   End.
   
   
6. A major event occurs for the UN Secretary General, informing them that the UN vote has passed.
      The effect of this event is to increase UN prestige.
   Each UN member has a country modifier added to their country with special effects to be specified by Gellert.
   
   
   
Differences between Declarations and Conventions:
	- Declaration country modifiers apply instantly to all current UN member nations if the declaration is passed, countries do not need to individually ratify it.
	- New UN member nations will have the declaration country modifier applied to them automatically when they join.
	(this will need to be part of the the Join UN decision/event)
	- Nations cannot withdraw from declarations, declarations are always permanent.
	(perhaps later add the ability for the UN Secretary General to hold a UN vote on repealing a declaration, but I think this is not needed)