UN Conventions Concept Documentation.

Start.

1. UN Secretary General enacts the decision

2. A major event occurs for the UN Secretary General, introducing the convention/declaration and giving them the options of:
	  a. Large diplomatic investment in pushing the measure (decrease to UN prestige)
	  b. Small diplomatic investment in pushing the measure (small decrease to UN prestige)
	  c. No diplomatic investment in pushing the measure (unchanged UN prestige)
	  
   This event also creates a variable: var_UN_votes_For
	
	
3. Each UN member which is not the subject of a UN embargo has a normal event fire, 
	  asking them to vote For, vote Against, or Abstain on the resolution introducing the convention/declaration.
	  
   The AI chances for which one they pick include a number modifiers, including whether the UN Secretary General picked a. b. or c. in 2.
	  
   If they vote For the variable var_UN_votes_For is incremented by 1, if they vote Against the variable var_UN_votes_Against is decremented by 1.
   Voting For or Against will also slightly increase or decrease their relation with the UN respectively.
	
	
4. Once 3. has occured, the variable var_UN_votes_For is checked to see if it greater than 0 or not.
      i. If it is greater than 0 then the Vote has passed, and the flow continues to 6.
     ii. If the variable is not greater than 0 then the Vote has been defeated, and the flow continue to 5.
   
   
5. A major event occurs for the UN Secretary General, informing them that the UN vote has failed.
      The effect of this event is to decrease UN prestige and prevent the UN Secretary General from introducing the same issue for 4 years.
   End.
   
   
6. A major event occurs for the UN Secretary General, informing them that the UN vote has passed.
      The effect of this event is to increase UN prestige.
   

7. Each UN member which vote For the measure in 3. has an event occur informing them that they have ratified the convention/declaration.
      The effect of this event is to add a country modifier to their country with special effects to be specified by Gellert.
	  It will also cause a minor increase to their prestige and UN prestige.
	 
	 
8. Any UN member which voted Against the measure or Abstained in 3., or has revoked the measure and 30 days have passed,
      will now be able to enact an international decision to ratify the convention/declaration provided they meet certain conditions.
   There will be a delay through a country modifier to prevent two nations from ratifying it by this decision within a certain number of days.
	  
	  
9. Any UN member which has ratified the convention/declaration and 30 days have passed,
      will now be able to enact an international decision to revoke the convention/declaration provided they meet certain conditions.
   End.